Doc add contributing (#562)
QuEraComputing/bloqade-python: docs/docs/contributing/reporting-a-bug.md

# Reporting a Bug

> Bloqade being in the alpha phase means bugs exist in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bloqade is currently in the **alpha** phase of development, meaning bugs most likely exist in the
```
